She is such a beautiful lady with a beautiful figure and good temperament.
It must be matched with the latest designer handmade dress in our store
Are you making any noise? These are all awards won in Paris, right?
Do you think you look good today? Do you like it?
We just covered it all, right?
French designers are already on their way
As long as it's what you like, anything is fine
Wow, what a line
Then let’s try this one first
You have such good taste, please come this way
hope this
I didn’t love the wrong person and lead the way
why here
You wouldn't know I was getting this dress today
I came here proudly, right?
I can tell you
Mr. Zhu today
But Mr. Zhu, who booked the venue
More famous than others
Currently, the Peak Group is in charge